1.125 Project ProposalErdem YilmazCharles LambertTeam Name: E-C FeedbackSummaryWe are proposing an artificial intelligence based feedback system for family owned restaurants. Our system will allow customers to give feedback in various ways, easily. We are focusing on providing a channel to give feedback about food and experience in general using the customers phone and sending a text message. We will apply natural language processing to text and inform the restaurant owner about general customer satisfaction. Secondly, we will implement a channel for customers to freely speak about their experience. We will record the spoken material, apply speech to text conversion and apply NPL techniques to extract meaning from the spoken material. Later will analyze the speech using speech to text conversion techniques. We will also implement a front end for restaurant owner to see the general customer satisfaction based on collected data.Proposed DeliverablesOur project has the following major parts:1) User interface for the restaurant customer to give feedback. We will utilize web techniques learned in the class to design a web page for customers. Customer will also be able to text his / her opinion.2) User interface for the restaurant owner. We will use javascript based visualization techniques discussed in the class. 3) Text message organizer: We will use available software API’s to organize and record test messages.4) Speech to text conversion engine. We will report available speech to text API’s and pick one to build our project on. Potential technologies are IBM Watson, Google Cloud Platform, Spoken Data etc. 5) NLP engine. We will report available NLP engines and pick one to build our project on. Potential technologies include the ones mentioned above and Mountain Fog, 5-Optional) Attachment of MongoDB databases for a) speech b) analytics reports We expect the top 4 deliverables and weekly listed items in the homework to take around 60-70 hours to complete for the team (combined) If we can complete ahead of time, we’ll implement databases as well. Reflections on Active LearningWe will be building a real life application and demonstrate in class to real restaurant customers (students). We will be spending majority of our time understanding available solutions and making decisions regarding directions for the project, therefore a significant portion of the decisions will be in the nature of architectural decisions and will be in-line with the learning goals of 1.125